[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I believe that Dr. Judy Wood
is perhaps the most significant
voice on this, the 10th
anniversary of 9/11.
Her book, "Where
Did the Towers Go?"
is mind boggling in
its implications.
The hundreds of images
throughout the book
are surreal, even shocking.
Yet, in the face of the evidence
that the WTC buildings were not
brought down by either airplanes
or a controlled demolition,
Dr. Wood makes no
attempt to point fingers
at who or why the
buildings came down.
In fact, this interview
reveals that it
is a respect for the
technology that likely
did the catastrophic
damage that propelled
her to write this book.
A book that has
colossal implications.
Let's go to Dr. Wood.
Judy, thanks so
much for being here.
This book, "Where
Did the Towers Go?"
seems to me to be the single
most comprehensive look at what
happened on the day of 9/11.
And that's kind of
loaded, and we'll
get into that in a little bit.
I mean, there are
so many surprises.
I thought I had read a
lot about this event,
but page after page, I was
shocked by the information
you were presenting.
And a very timely--
just a little timely thing
before we get in here
was with having a week of
news on Hurricane Irene,
which was, what, a Category 1--
>> It was by two miles an hour.
>> Yeah.
Two miles an hour.
Dropping down to
a tropical storm.
A week's worth of hysterical
coverage in the media.
However, one of the little known
things I'm just going to toss
out there right off the top
was, there was a hurricane--
a massive hurricane--
much greater-- what
was it, a Category 3,
I believe, sitting right off
the coast of New York City
on the day of 9/11.
And I haven't
talked to one person
that even knew that was there.
And in fact, you've been
getting a lot of reports on that
as I understand.
>> Yes.
There is a fellow
who e-mailed me.
He, as synchronicity would
have it, he was reading my book
and had just gotten
to Chapter 18.
This is a college
professor in Vermont
who had heard all of these
horrendous news reports
about Hurricane Irene coming.
So he turns to the
start of Chapter 18
and there was this big
Hurricane Erin picture.
And huh, and he
finished the book
and then ordered five more.
>> Yes.
I mean, I was shocked
when I saw that.
But you know what
I was even shocked
more by was what appeared to be
cleansed weather forecasts that
were going on just prior to
the buildings going down.
And here, this massive hurricane
sitting right off the coast
headed right into New York City.
And they're saying, well,
it's a lovely day here.
And they even had a little--
as you show in the book--
little red arrows
pointing where there
will be a thunderstorm a
little later on in the day
or at a tornado kicking up.
And yet, they're
ignoring this huge thing
that should have been dead
center of their coverage.
And what shocked me-- and I
know you're not a conspiracy
theorist, and I'm not
asking you to go there--
how in the world--
why in the world
would that not be right
up front and center
of the coverage that day?
Not just of the weather, but
dominating all of the news?
And that's just one of so many
anomalous events and stories
that lead to that
kind of question.
Let's just launch into it.
We can start really going
in the order of your book
because it's so well laid out.
Your evidence is really--
it's pointing to something
different than the 9/11 truth
movement and the architects and
various people that have stated
that this was a
thermite-based explosion,
the building had been wired
in advance, and so forth.
And what you're saying
in this is essentially
it is very different than that.
Let's talk about why.
Where would you like
to start with it?
I mean, we can get right into
pancakes or whatever you like.
>> Well, I like to
look at evidence.
Because 9/11 was a
psychological operation.
It was a physical destruction
and psychological destruction.
It was both.
And the psychological
destruction
planted seeds out
there to divert people.
If they were not accepting
the official story that
went out on the media, there was
a backup story being planted.
And it gets people caught
up in arguing about opinions
and theories and speculations.
Let's just look at the evidence,
because evidence is unifying.
>> It is.
And what you've been very, very
careful to do here in the book
and also in the
media is, you are not
venturing to say who may have
perpetrated this event, why
they perpetrated it, or even
how they perpetrated it,
although you do put some very
strong evidence down here
as to what happened.
You wanted to stick
with the facts only
and allow other people
to begin putting
their own dots together.
Is out my understanding?
>> Well, also, you need to begin
with the evidence to show what
the crime was you want
to charge somebody for.
If you're going to say,
they did it, what is "it?"
>> Right.
Right.
What is it?
>> And that recent Casey
Anthony trial that was hyped
in the media, they were
determining all sorts
of things.
But the next day, a jury
member said it so wonderfully.
She said, well, I don't
know how the child died.
How could I put somebody
on death row for it?
>> Yes.
>> You have to know what the
crime is before you charge
somebody with it.
And that's the first step
in any investigation.
So start with the evidence.
>> Well, let's first just
give me a little list
of your credentials because
you're a serious engineer
in many modalities
of engineering.
Can you just tell
us a little bit
so we understand who you are.
>> Well, I have a bachelor of
science in civil engineering,
a master's degree in
engineering mechanics,
which is like applied physics,
and a PhD in materials
engineering science, with
expertise in image analysis,
optical methods,
applied mechanics,
and over 35 years of
experience in this area.
>> Yeah.
I just wanted to get that up
front so people understand
this is not a theory.
You're a scientist
through and through,
and this book is
absolutely amazing in what
you've compiled.
I have to tell you, when it came
to the mathematical formulas,
I kind of went to the next page
and just got the gist of it.
That's the only part I
didn't hang with you on,
but I understood the concept
of what you were saying.
OK.
So out of the chute,
everyone knows
what the official story is.
And I think anyone
listening to this
has already dismissed
that long ago.
But would they probably have not
dismissed is that this was a--
most people at this
point are thinking
that this was a controlled
demolition and there were
explosives used and
many people have
read or been exposed
to the notion
that thermite may
have been involved.
And let's start it into
a bit of the science.
I know we have a lot
to do in an hour here.
But let's start into that.
>> A quick summary is that
the buildings didn't burn up,
nor did they slam to the ground,
but they turned into dust
in midair.
How do I know that?
Because if they
collapsed to the ground,
you would have a pile of
debris that would correspond
two 110 story buildings.
That didn't happen.
Lower Manhattan would
have been flooded
due to a broken bathtub.
The dike that holds
up the Hudson River.
Few people realize that the
towers were built in the Hudson
River, and the bedrock is 70
feet below the water table.
So there's this dike called
the bathtub or slurry wall that
holds out the Hudson River.
If you crash down two
500,000 ton buildings
on to the bathtub, it would
have ruptured and flooded
the subway tunnels,
the PATH train tunnels.
That didn't happen.
As a matter of fact,
when they took down
the remains of Building
6, they used a cable
to pull it down because they
were afraid to use explosives.
And this was a six
story building.
It was just this
little clump left.
And the other way I know
that buildings turned
to dust, just the simple way,
is that if the buildings had
collapsed to the ground,
they'd make a thud.
And the seismic signal
that was that was recorded
did not correspond to the
size of the buildings.
The seismic signal corresponded
to a 16 story building or a 20
story building, not
110 story buildings.
>> Yes.
And when you're
talking about this,
you call it "dustification."
You're looking at--
I mean, just the
real basics, you
would expect at least
for there to at least be,
as you say that, pancake
effect if there had actually
been even a controlled
demolition of the building.
There was no pancake.
There were no pancakes.
>> Right.
You'd have a bumpety,
bumpety, bumpety, bump
and you should have a
stack of stuff left over.
Not only that, if you're
driving this jackhammer bumpety,
bumpety, bumpety
bump onto bedrock,
the ground should be shaking.
>> Yes.
Absolutely.
>> And it wasn't.
The ground actually--
with that little signal--
only shook for eight seconds.
It would take 9 and
1/2 seconds in a vacuum
to drop a bowling
ball off the roof
and have it hit the pavement.
>> Yeah.
At the same time, the building
itself came down in how many
seconds?
>> I don't say it came down.
>> Well, it had
turned into dust.
Yeah.
>> So if you dustify--
if you have a new
phenomenon, you
need a new word to describe it.
>> Yes.
>> It's unscientific to use
the description of a known
phenomenon to describe
an unknown phenomenon.
So I say "dustification."
We've never seen a
building do this before,
so it was a new thing.
So if the building dustifies
from the 20th story on up,
and you're only dropping
the lower 20 stories,
which is about the size
of the rubble you see,
which is about the
size the seismic signal
you see, and so forth.
And surrounding buildings
didn't have any stab wounds,
I call it.
A beam stabbing into a building.
Didn't have that above
like the 20th floor.
>> And this is not to
be confused even with
pulverization.
Right?
>> Right.
>> Let's talk about that.
>> Pulverization is like
grinding something up.
You can hammer and hit a
rock against another rock,
you get big chunks,
little chunks,
in between sized chunks.
You get a random size.
You don't get nano
sized particles.
>> Yes.
Because a lot of people say,
well, it was pulverized.
No, it wasn't pulverized.
You're being very
specific when you
say this building was dustified
or converted to dust rapidly.
>> Exactly.
Exactly.
Because it's a different process
than what we've seen before.
And it's not vaporization.
Vaporization implies heat.
>> Yes.
>> And the building
wasn't cooked.
>> And at the same time, you
have recordings of people who
were standing on the window
sills and who were calling
in on 911 and saying
they were so hot.
They had started taking
clothing off even.
What was going on there?
Take us through to that point
of what you see in the building.
>> I used to swim a lot in the
mornings when I was at Virginia
Tech, and a fraternity party had
choked her out the night before
and cranked up the thermostat.
And when we got there,
it was like 93 degrees.
They said we could
swim at our own risk.
And I started swimming.
Oh, this is great because I
hate getting in cold water.
I got halfway out the
middle of the pool
and I realized I was in trouble.
I was overheating.
So I rolled over on my
back just to kind of quit
making more heat and
somebody threw me a rope.
And I remember wondering, is
it that important to reach over
there and get that rope?
>> Oh, your mind wasn't working.
>> Maybe I will, maybe I won't.
And I remember
also there's a time
limit how long you can stay
in the sauna, in the hot tub.
Now if you're really hot,
you just don't function.
And these recordings that we
heard like of the [INAUDIBLE],,
I'm really hot, I'm really
hot, I'm really burning up.
I can't breathe,
I can't breathe.
You never heard her
choking the entire time.
At first I thought
it was a fake call,
but then I realized, no, there's
something else going on here.
For somebody to-- the
conversation in the Air Force
is like five minutes and someone
cannot survive in that kind
of heat that she was
describing for five minutes.
So apparently she
was sensing heat.
>> Yes.
Let's talk about that.
And what happened with--
another thing I was--
besides the fact that these
buildings turn to dust,
so we can go into
all the science,
but really I would
encourage people
to get a copy of the book.
It explains all
the science right
through from the
very beginning, when
the buildings were standing.
You take people through
this very nicely.
We don't have to get
into all of the science
and equations here on that.
Let's just say, these
buildings turned to dust.
>> I think you're alluding to--
>> The heat.
>> The jumpers.
>> Yes.
The jumpers and the
heat and the heat
that you said this
building did not burn.
Yet, they keep it kept
saying, I'm so hot.
>> Right.
And then we have these people
hanging from the outside
of the 105th floor.
That's five floors from the
top taking off their clothes.
Or with their
clothes already off.
Clothes protect
you from high heat.
They protect you from fire.
And also, if you need to
take your clothes off,
why hang from the 105th
floor by hand and a foot
to take your clothes off.
>> Yeah.
So what was going on there?
Why were they so hot if
you're saying there was
no fire-- it wasn't about fire?
>> Well, I wasn't
there, so I don't know.
But I can say it's consistent
with something like an energy
field.
You think of microwaves
used to control crowds.
They make the
crowds run and make
crowds want to just
get away from it
because it's just very painful.
And so like what [INAUDIBLE]
was describing was intense pain.
>> Yes
>> Not thermal heat, but the
sensation to her nerve endings.
>> Are you saying then--
because, again, going
back to the building
without going into all the
science of it right here,
these buildings pulverized--
they didn't pulverize,
they dustified.
They dustified.
These people are
saying, "I'm so hot."
They're standing out on a ledge.
And what really struck me about
the people portion of this--
I really couldn't get
it off my mind is that--
and it struck me about
this at the time.
First of all, I was under the
impression for some reason
that maybe a few dozen
people had jumped.
Yet, you're saying, a
massive number of people
jumped, fell, or were
propelled from these ledges.
And it was the emergency help
on the ground was saying,
it was raining people.
People were falling out of
the air at the rate of one
every 30 or 40 seconds.
But that's not human
nature to jump.
>> Exactly.
Those poor firefighters,
they're trained to save lives.
And they felt so helpless.
I think there was
even one that they
had to watch because he wanted
to go out and catch people.
>> Yeah.
>> Feeling helpless has got to
be the worst human experience.
>> Well, and just the oddness
of that many people supposedly
jumping.
Well, first of all, are you
saying they were jumping--
because you have some pictures
in there where they didn't all
look like they were jumping.
Some of them looked as though
they were caught off guard.
>> Right.
I'm just putting
this data out there.
It's cumulative data, and
it just keeps you wondering,
what is going on here.
We don't we have to come to a
conclusion with each chapter,
but we can sum things up
and say, this is not normal.
A fire doesn't cause
people to behave this way.
Bombs in the building don't
cause people behave this way.
>> Yes.
What they were doing--
the way they were
behaving or perhaps
the way they were feeling
inside their own skin
was not anything that is we
would recognize as normal.
Something abnormal
was happening.
And taking it from there, the
emergency workers, firemen,
and so forth were saying,
when the people landed
on the ground-- and
this is very bothersome.
I mean, this is just really
not a pleasant thought or scene
in our minds, but the people
didn't just fall and crumble,
crunch like what normally would
happen at a freefall speed.
They were exploding.
There were body
parts everywhere.
>> Yes.
And that is a very
delicate thing.
I myself endured a
near fatal injury
from being hit by
a vehicle traveling
in excess of 80 miles per hour.
So this is the first time
I think I've said this,
but I had a real connection with
those jumpers because of that.
Their freefall speed,
their terminal velocity
can't be much more than
that in street clothes.
And you'd know that when you
hit a deer with a vehicle,
it's busted up.
And there's very little
chance of survival,
but there is a chance
and it's busted up.
You don't have a fingernail
over here, a tooth over there,
a rib over here.
It doesn't take things
apart like that.
>> No.
No, it doesn't.
And we were talking about it--
I was talking to
Scott about this,
and what we both came
to, of course, is
it sounded more like a human--
or when you hear these hard
stories of little children
experimenting and
putting a little animal
inside a microwave or
something awful like that,
this sounded really much more
along that line than anything
that would be a normal
fall and the injuries
or death from a normal fall.
>> Right.
Right.
It was definitely something
different going on there.
>> Yeah.
It was almost as though
they were being microwaved
and splattering and blowing--
literally their bodies
pieces blowing apart.
And how many people
are we talking
about that actually fell,
jumped, or were propelled out
of the building?
>> It estimated from the
firemens' testimonies about
1,200 out of the North Tower
and then add to that the 343
firefighters, you get 1,543.
And that's about as
much DNA samples--
different people approximately--
that were identified.
So that raises another question.
>> And that question is?
>> Those on the first or
second or third floor--
firefighters-- or those who
jumped from the building
or left the building
out the windows
seemed to be the only
samples of DNA that remained.
>> And I guess you're not
going to speculate as to what
happened to the rest.
>> It makes you wonder
about dustification.
>> Yes it does.
And as people are listening
to this right now,
we've listened to
enough other interviews,
especially from
those who believe
that this was the result of
a demolition, a controlled
demolition, and one of
the things that comes up
repeatedly is, well, if this
wasn't a controlled demolition,
then why were all of these
firefighters reporting
hearing a series of explosions,
especially down in the lower
levels?
>> Well, if you're
dustifying a building,
that means the material
is coming apart.
It's losing its
strength and integrity.
The towers had water tanks
every so many floors.
You can't pump water all the
way directly to the top anyway,
so they pump it to different
holding tanks every so
many floors.
Now imagine what
will happen when
those water tanks start to
dissolve, lose their integrity.
They're going to rupture.
Or an air pressure tank, when
the wall thickness gets so thin
or loses certain
amount of strength,
it's going to explode.
And actually, there were
firefighters at ground level--
quite a few of
them-- who witnessed
Scott tanks exploding.
>> What is a Scott tank?
>> They are the air tanks that
the firefighters wear so they
can breathe good air
while they're in the smoky
environment.
>> Oh, and they were
exploding as well.
>> Sitting on the fire
trucks, they were exploding.
>> Yeah.
Well, again, we're
talking about people
who almost appear to have
exploded, a building that
has turned to dust, 1,200 people
were driven to either fell
or jump to their death,
which I just I still
have a hard time getting
my mind around that one.
It's appalling.
I had had no idea it was
that number of people.
And now you're talking
about these exploding Scott
tanks that were sitting
in their trucks.
Let's take that a little
bit further when we're
talking about these explosions.
There were cars and trucks,
including fire trucks,
that were toasted
and literally taken
into the air in some cases.
Now talk about that,
if you would, please.
>> I refer to them as toasted
cars because they're toast.
They're history.
>> Yeah.
>> I can't decide
what happened to them.
Instead of trying to force
them into burned or whatnot,
I just say they're toast.
And it seemed to be that cars--
I started noticing
this pattern--
there's flipped
cars, but they didn't
seem to be as toasted
as the upright cars.
And this one particular
picture is a toasted car
and in front of it there's
an upside down car.
It was parked in
the right place.
It's just wheels in the air.
>> Right.
Right.
>> And you wouldn't
think it parked that way.
>> Well, no.
You wouldn't think it
would park that way.
>> There's a particular quote by
Rene Davila that I liked is you
put big question.
He's by supervisors as well,
was your vehicle destroyed.
Yeah, it was destroyed.
Was it on fire?
What?
Fire?
We saw the sucker blow up.
We heard a boom.
>> Yeah.
And not only that,
some of the cars
that went boom were
seven blocks away.
Now this gets pretty
controversial.
I mean, everything
here is controversial.
>> What do you mean
"controversial?"
>> Well, I mean, it seems
like this would be sort
of a non-sequitur
scientifically.
Why would cars blow
up or be toast--
not blow up but be incinerated--
seven blocks away
during this event?
>> And without burning paper.
>> Without burning paper.
How's that?
How is that possible?
>> That's why I use
"toast" instead of burned
because that's weird.
Or I call it weird fires.
I have to have a
different term for it.
There's was a firefighter
who was over by FDR Drive
and saw this car go into
spontaneous combustion.
And thinking like, it's got
to be a normal situation.
He's trying to fit what's
happened into that.
So, well, it must be a fireball
that roll down the street
and hit the car.
He didn't see the fireball,
but how else can you
explain a car going into
spontaneous combustion?
>> Well, yeah.
Exactly.
And why seven blocks
from the scene?
That makes no sense whatsoever.
And yet, this all happened in
roughly the same time frame.
And at the same time, the
people that were there,
as this was occurring--
speaking of combustion--
a lot of the witnesses
there were saying,
there was this odd sensation.
They weren't, as you
say, there wasn't
the kind of seismic activity
that you would have expected.
There wasn't the crunching and
coming down of the building
sound you would have expected.
But a lot of them had
the sense that they
had been swept into
the center of a tornado
or some kind of weather event.
>> And there was one EMT who
thought maybe she must have
died because how else was
she floating down the stairs
but having God pick her up
and carry her down the stairs.
>> Yes.
She's floating.
>> Right.
And there's this one particular
eyewitness was talking about--
he says, I don't remember the
sound of the building hitting
the ground.
>> Yeah.
>> Someone told me that it was
measured on the Richter scale.
I don't know how true that
is, but if the builder was
hitting the ground hard, how do
I not remember the sound of it?
>> Yeah.
I think I have him written down.
Michael Ober I
think was his name.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Yeah he was an EMT.
And again, this feeling.
People were picked up and
they were tossed about
and they would land 30, 40 feet
from where they had started.
Just picked up and they
landed somewhere else.
Cars.
There's a picture you have on
one of the pages of a car that
had simply been picked
up and it looked
as though it had been placed on
top of a little wooden fence.
It's a very odd picture.
>> That's Hurricane Wilma.
>> Oh, that's Hurricane Wilma.
>> I was drawing the comparison
with the same type of energy
fields.
>> Yeah.
That same thing where it's
just picked up and set down.
Which, again, when
you're looking
at that, if you want to talk
about that for just a second,
why were you drawing the
comparison between Hurricane
Wilma and the energy
signature of what
was happening there that day?
What's going on?
>> Well, we started out
talking about hurricanes,
and when I got to looking at the
dust and how the dust went up--
and that was another comment
that Michael Ober had made
is that he thought he
was inside somewhere.
Someone said no, you're outside.
It's just dark out.
100% of the sunlight
was blacked out
by this dust that went up for
about half hour afterwards.
It was up and blocking
out the sunlight.
And so I decided to look to see
where it went when it went up.
And I looked at some
weather satellite pictures,
thinking I could get a better
look at this dust going up.
And what's this?
This hurricane.
It was the first time
I saw the hurricane.
And like how weird that we
weren't told about this.
I don't remember anything
about a hurricane.
Hmm.
And it was a
Category 3 and it was
headed right to New York
City for four days straight
in a straight line.
Hmm.
I wonder what hurricanes can do.
So I start looking into that.
And they're like a
giant Tesla coil,
and they produce a
static field around them
and that interferes with
other types of signals.
And people who have arthritis,
or other people often
talk about feeling
the weather coming.
They can feel that field
effect ahead of the storm.
The same with the reason why
birds leave town or spiders
pack up their webs.
They sense the storm come
because they feel that field
effect.
And also, in hurricanes, you
have cars sitting on fences,
and hurricanes are
a big torsion field.
And a smaller, quicker
acting one is like a tornado.
So let's look at those too.
We remember seeing tornadoes
supposedly lifting up houses,
putting them on
someplace or putting
a car on a telephone pole.
But the car isn't damaged.
It wasn't like it
got tumbled around.
And there's a lot of
evidence-- like the spring,
that big Joplin tornado, there
is this video of these people
locked in a cooler-- or ran to
the cooler in the convenience
store for safety.
And you hear everybody
screaming when
the tornado was
tearing the place up,
but you didn't hear
it whoosh through.
So it didn't tear the
walls off of the cooler.
But after it was done
with, everyone said,
well, is that you under me?
Is that your leg on top of me?
So obviously the people
have been jostled around.
And you also saw the
camera flying around.
So there wasn't a moving wind
tunnel through that cooler
they're in, but they were
levitated and tumbled around.
>> Now this has to be the
result of some kind of, what,
interference with
electromagnetic fields
or a charge?
I mean, I'm not a
scientist, but this
is dealing with
electromagnetism, isn't it?
>> Right.
It turns out, electricity,
magnetism, and gravity
all interact.
So it's possible to effect
gravity with magnetism.
And I think we all have the
experienced as youngsters
getting a nail and wrapping
a wire coil around it
and stick it in a
nine volt battery.
It turns the magnet into--
it turns the electricity
into a magnet.
The nail becomes a magnet.
Also, we learned
that if you move
a conductor through a magnetic
field, you get electricity.
Which is how Nikola Tesla--
he discovered
alternating current
and applied it to harnessing the
energy from the Niagara Falls
power plant.
So we can turn electricity
into magnetism.
We can turn magnetism
into electricity.
We can also affect
gravity with magnetism.
>> So just from what we're
talking about so far,
there had to be some kind
of electromagnetics in play.
And you were talking
about tornadoes
and how they have this effect,
where they can pick things up
without harming them through
this gravitational effect
and land them or set
them down somewhere,
but you don't have
dustification with tornadoes.
I mean, there's more
than that at play here.
>> Right.
Right.
You sometimes do or destruction.
And that's just something
that's randomly oriented.
And there are aspects
of the WTC complex
that reminded me of tornadoes.
>> How so?
>> Building 4, the main body
of Building 4 disappeared.
Turned into dust.
Went away.
And just left the
north wing standing
or most of the north wing
standing, as though it was
cut off with an X-Acto knife.
And one story below
ground, in that area,
you see some people
walking through the mall.
And then another story below
that, in the parking garage
area, it looks
totally unaffected.
>> Yes.
Totally unaffected.
>> As though it happened
from the ground up.
A few little punch through
the ground here and there,
but where did the main
body of Building 4 go?
And it reminded me so much of
an experience I had as a child
going through
Topeka, Kansas right
after that horrendous
tornado that went through.
You could look into
this apartment building
that had been sliced in two.
There was a made bed in
there, with magazines
still on the bed,
books on the dresser,
and clothes hanging the
closet that weren't messed up.
>> Yes.
And your book is
riddled with these kinds
of surreal
photographs, and there
are photographs of cars in
which the back half of the car
looks fine--
a police car for example.
Half of the lights
are undamaged.
The rest of the car
is completely toasted.
>> Right.
Even to the point of
eating out the metal.
They don't drive
all junkers around.
>> Right.
Right.
The metal.
Yeah.
The metal is eaten out.
And yet, the other half of the
car is intact-- totally intact.
>> Like it just came
off the showroom floor.
>> Exactly.
I mean, it doesn't
even have scratches
on the paint it looks like.
>> And plastic police lights
on the top on one side look
untouched and they would
melt pretty easily.
>> Yes.
And again, I mean, what can
cause something like that?
I'm not suggesting that you'd
tell us what did happen,
but I'm saying, what can
cause that kind of thing?
>> When I see an abrupt change--
well, especially, between the
drivers and the front set door
and the backseat door, I start
thinking about a rubber gasket
between the two
that maybe it has
some electrical--
or something that's
sealed from the phenomenon
continuing further.
But the other side
of it, where has
that circular spot
it's unaffected,
that was aha moment for me.
With a background
in interferometry
I know that you can have
one beam or another,
but where they interfere,
you get a different effect.
>> So explain that to us a
little more regarding these
cars.
>> Well, it's kind of
like a contact print with
a photographic film.
You see an abrupt area--
not shades of gray.
So there's something
that caused the toasting,
and then one nanometer over,
it was in pristine condition.
Fires don't do that.
>> So are you saying there was a
type of interference that would
occur to change that?
>> That would
easily explain that.
Some type of interference,
because otherwise,
you would have a
tapering off effect.
>> Right.
Right.
That makes sense.
>> You see cars that
are burned from--
and I'm not going to say burned
from a car fire that we know is
a car fire.
You'll see at the
edge of where it
stops burning, toasted area
and charred and less and less,
and then it's pristine.
There's a transition zone.
>> Yes.
>> But to have something abrupt,
it's like photographic masking
in a way.
>> Yes.
Again, I mean, there's
a surreal quality
to that photograph, but also
many, many other photographs.
Another one that was, to me, I
just kept staring at it was--
I think it's Figure
104 in your book
where you have these steel
core columns, which, I guess--
it looks like
they're vaporizing,
but that's not the
right word, as you say.
It's dustifying.
They're just they're
there and they're solid
and then they start becoming
almost like apparitions
and then they're gone.
In the same shape.
>> I would like to point
out something here that
my detractors say,
well, it fell down.
So what if it fell down?
You still need to explain
what happened here.
Because in the first
image, the building
is coming apart right
next to it and going down
or going wherever it's
going and it peels away
like peeling a banana and you're
left with these core columns
standing up.
And they're crisp.
You have blue sky
in the background
and they have crisp edges.
And then you see
them getting fuzzy,
and then you see
just fuzz there.
>> Fuzz.
But in the same shape, in
the same place, the fuzz.
>> Right.
And my detractors
say, well, it shook up
dust that was resting
on it that it settled
on it before it
dropped because it's
so fine it hung in the air.
Well if dust is that so
fine that hung in the air,
how come you didn't see
it in the first frame?
>> Yeah.
I was going to say,
you wouldn't-- yeah.
Exactly.
>> How did it settle instantly
and then hang in the air later?
So this argument
stands regardless
of if you say it fell over.
I can't imagine how a 700
foot tall column could
drop into a hole in the ground.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
There was no evidence for that.
>> And it didn't tip over
because it would take out a few
blocks worth of buildings.
>> Right.
So there's no evidence
for it falling down.
>> Right.
>> And going into the whole
theory of the controlled
demolition, I mean, we haven't
really talked about any
of the science.
But you have very specific--
many pages in the book
devoted to why even
the idea of a
nano-thermite technology
could not have been the source
of bringing down the buildings.
Could you go ahead and explain
in only minimally scientific
terms what that's about?
>> OK.
In a way, it's that--
well, I say by thermite,
do you mean powdered
aluminum and powdered iron rust?
That's what thermite
is typically.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> And I have no doubt that
that was there in the dust
because that's my point.
The buildings turned to
dust, and the buildings
were made out of
steel structures
with aluminum cladding.
So if that turned to dust
and nano-sized particles,
that's what you'd
have in the dust.
>> And not only that, you were
seeing evidence of very rapid
rusting of certain of the pieces
that would go way beyond any
kind of rusting process
that would normally happen.
As though it was
rusting on speed.
>> Right.
If you've ever left an iron
skillet in the sink soaking
and you scrubbed it so it's
really clean in one area,
that area pretty soon turns
bright orange from the rust
because it's pure iron.
Pure iron will rust.
Steel structures have--
that type of steel has other
components--
carbon and other
add-ins that enhance
its structural properties
and enhance its ability
to resist environmental
degradation from rust.
So if this rusts
quickly, that means
its properties have changed.
And if it lets go of
these other doodads,
like the iron molecules
separate from the carbon,
like the surface is
partly dissolved,
that would explain
instant rusting.
>> Yes.
That would explain it.
But what would it take for that
to happen for these molecules
to part?
>> Molecular dissociation.
>> Yes.
How could that happen?
>> Well usually molecules
are attracted to each other
and locked on to each other.
And let's say somehow
you could turn a switch
and cause them to do the
reverse, to repel each other.
That is what it looked like was
happening when this building
kind of billowed out into dust.
>> What could cause that?
>> Certain types of
energy fields interfering.
>> OK.
Well, we're going to get
to that in a second then
in a little more detail.
I wanted to continue on this
whole area with the steel beams
and the supposed
debris and rusting.
But the steel, I think, we all
remember where they said, well,
all this excess steel--
steel scrap-- was
shipped to China.
Now, what you're saying here
is that by September 13th
in the morning--
so that would have
to mean on the 12th--
what?
>> Actually some of
those pictures were taken
on the 11th, but they weren't
logged in til the 12th.
So just to be extra safe,
I used the caption date.
But if you look at the camera
info data, it's the 11th.
>> OK.
So here we are.
People are literally just
trying to get the dust
off their clothing
and shake their head
and figure out
what just happened
to me, what just happened
to this city, what
happened to everybody else.
And at the same time, this deal
had already been scooped up
and shipped off to China?
>> Exactly.
Pretty good cover
story, isn't it?
>> Well, it's stupid.
I mean, that's just stupid.
>> Towards the beginning, to get
a lighthearted moment, I'd say,
oh, where is that steel-- oh,
it's hiding across the street
under that hubcap.
>> Well, the point is,
where was the steel?
I mean how much steel are
we talking about here, A,
that was shipped off to China?
Right?
How much?
I mean, what did they say
they had managed to accumulate
and ship to China?
>> I'm guessing
there's two beams,
because then they could
say "beams" plural.
It might be lying.
>> The point is, there wasn't
a lot of steel to ship off
to China.
But what a story.
Oh, we had our people on it.
We were prepared.
We had these massive steel
beams-- lots of them piled up--
shipped them off to
China within 24 hours
of the building going down.
I mean when I say "stupid," I
mean it's absolutely absurd.
>> It makes no sense.
>> Exactly.
And those columns that
dustified before our very eyes--
>> Yes?
>> The base of those, I believe,
is stairwell B and there are 14
people who survived
in stairwell B.
The rest of building dustified
around them and they were left
in stairwell B.
>> Interesting.
>> And when they came out--
one of the firefighters
looked and said, guys,
there used to be
106 floors above us
and now I'm seeing sunshine.
There's nothing above us.
That big building doesn't exist.
They later said, these are
the biggest office buildings
in the world and I didn't see
one desk, one chair, one phone,
nothing.
>> Yeah.
And yet, there was another
photo there of something
that was showing up
in the debris later.
I can't remember what
building it came from now,
and it was just the
oddest photograph
because it was of a
ball of compressed metal
from the Ben and Jerry's store.
>> Right.
>> That had little--
>> Yeah.
Like a football they had
intact pieces of $20 bills--
corners of $20-- bills sticking
out of this compressed metal.
This makes no sense.
>> And colored dividers.
I mean it--
>> It was the only
file cabinet found.
>> I mean, how did they even
know it was a file cabinet?
It looked like a
football of metal.
>> That's true.
And they were able to identify
what store it was from.
And they called up the
store owner, and said,
hey we got your money and
they gave them their money--
his money.
The Ben and Jerry's store owner.
>> You mean the money that was
twisted up inside that football
or was there some--
>> Yeah.
>> That was weird.
I mean how can that
happen that you
have this densely-compacted
metal with totally intact
pieces of paper sticking out?
>> It didn't burn.
And again, the same thing
happens over and over.
Papers seem to be intact.
There are papers
floating all over.
In fact, papers came
down before the dust
came down, and this
whole subject of paper
near cars that had just
been not incinerated.
>> Toasted.
These cars that had
been toasted all around
are these flutters of paper that
had landed around these cars
and yet, they were
totally intact.
>> And there's some images where
you have this orange glowing
piece of material.
We don't know what it
is, but something orange
and glowing sitting on paper
and the paper's not burning.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
OK.
So I mean, we're just
now adding more evidence
to the weirdness of
this whole thing.
I'm not asking you to step out
on a limb beyond what you've
already done, which is huge.
>> What I say about that is, we
do know that hot things glow.
>> Yes.
>> But also not everything
that glows is hot.
>> Yes.
>> We can compare a fluorescent
light bulb with an incandescent
light bulb.
There's two different
phenomena going on there.
Also there's
fireflies that glow.
>> That's true.
Yeah.
And so there was this
phenomena that was occurring.
And again, I mean, you
have all these people that
went through this experience.
I mean, we can just--
and we will.
I have more things I want
to ask you about here.
But it's just one surreal, odd
bit of evidence after another.
None of it stacks
to anything that's
been spoken of up
until this time.
And you have people--
Tim McGinn, you mentioned--
he said to the people that--
he was one of the
witnesses said, basically,
where the F are the towers?
What happened?
Where's the debris?
Everyone was just standing there
as though they were in a daze.
What just happened?
Where's the sound?
Where's the collapse?
Where are the towers?
>> That's when
they were trapped--
those 14 people were
trapped in the stairwell,
they're on their handy talkies
calling for their buddies
to come rescue them.
Where are you?
Stairwell B, Tower 1.
Where?
Tower 1 stairwell
B. Where's Tower 1?
They thought these voices
were coming out of nowhere.
>> Well, there's
nothing funny about it.
But, again, everything about
this is so absurd and extreme.
And one of the things
that you show in this book
is when you have a
traditional kind of explosion,
such as the
controlled demolition,
you have a certain kind of
window breakage and so forth.
The signatures of the
glass that was broken
wasn't anything like a normal
demolition though, was it?
>> Oh, more than that.
Very much different.
Think about this
mental exercise.
Whether it's
pancaking down its own
or you have countercharges
chopping things up
and the junk's coming
down, whatever the case is,
if that stuff lands
on the ground, squirts
stuff out the
side, at that time,
if it's taken eight seconds
to come down or 10 seconds
to come down, by the time
it gets to the ground,
that stuff is squirting out of
there at mach one to mach two.
And if that stuff
is shooting out,
we're talking about a soda
pop can-- everything becomes
a projectile and pieces of junk.
And it would be--
all the shrapnel would
be hitting every building
around the complex.
>> Right.
>> You'd have
pockmarks all over.
Yet, the facade of these
buildings is nearly pristine.
It doesn't have all
this-- it doesn't
look like it was sandblasted or
had a rocket launcher shooting
all sorts of trash at it.
Except, we have rounded
holes in windows.
The outer pane, while the
inner pane is still intact.
>> Yeah.
That was bizarre.
>> How do you get a professional
glass cutter to even do that?
I don't think you could.
>> How would an energy
device even do that?
>> As it turns out, longitudinal
energy waves do this.
I hypothesized how the
mechanics would be.
Imagine if you dropped
a rock in a pond.
Still pond.
You see the ripples go
outward, because you'd
displaced the water laterally.
It seems to be-- and it
would be the round wakes.
So if you shoot an
energy beam at a window,
you might get the same kind
of thing rippling outward,
like a rock going through water.
When a physical object
like a rock hits a window,
it bends it and bows out
very instantaneously.
And glass, because it's
a brittle material,
can't handle being
put in tension.
And when it bows out
from the rock hitting it,
the opposite side is in
tension and it breaks.
So what this says is it
breaks the whole window.
You get cracks
all over the place
in a spiderweb-like pattern.
Anyone whose thrown a
baseball through window.
The window gets trashed.
You don't make round hole
in the middle of a window.
So this is something
else doing that.
And as it turns out, that
can be replicated in the lab
with longitudinal energy waves.
>> OK.
And we're going to
go to that again
in just a little bit once we get
through all the evidence here.
There was another odd little
bit here about some molten steel
and steel toed boots.
But apparently, the flesh
of the person didn't burn.
Did I understand that correctly?
>> Steel toed boots is
one of the biggest things.
>> Steel toed boots?
>> Steel toed boots.
Out still on the rubble, it's
still, I believe 1,100 degrees.
The guy's boots just
melt within a few hours.
>> Right.
There there's a lot
of stories like this
that get repeated over and over
again because in that moment,
people have questions.
They need answers.
As soon as they're given
answers, they go on.
They don't stop
to think if that's
a reasonable answer in this
moment of traumatic events.
And they just repeat
them over and over again,
and people keep repeating them.
And even the truth
movement, you keep
repeating the story about
steel toed boots were
melting because it was so hot.
Well, if you put
something on your grill
that hot that's
going to melt steel,
you're not going to be
surviving through that.
And as I like to say, if
my steel oven is melting,
the turkey inside is
more than well done.
>> Yes.
>> But we have no
reports of burnt feet.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what I was reading.
So go ahead.
>> But what it captures is
something is reminding someone
of this.
They're describing what's
happening the best they can.
>> Well, I have a little note
here in the sidelines that
the heat was--
the heat would
normally be, what,
at 1,100 degrees or so to
create the molten steel?
Did I write that down correctly?
>> Maybe.
It's like 1,500 centigrade
or 2,800 Fahrenheit.
>> Oh, OK.
All right.
>> Way out there.
>> Way.
>> It's definitely going to
have your turkey overcooked with
that.
>> You're going to have
your tootsies burned.
That's for sure.
>> Yeah.
And there's no reports of burnt
feet or burned bones or toes
but the boots apparently
were disintegrating.
There's also a story
about the last guy out,
they knew he just got out
by the skin of his teeth
because his shoes were
blown clear off his feet.
That's what his friend said.
>> Wow.
So here we have--
I mean, just now
kind of going back
at some of the things
we've talked about,
some of these oddities.
We have steel melting
that would normally
melt at very high temperatures
without burning people's feet.
We have windows where a
hole has been blown out
of one pane but
not the other pane.
We have cars that
have been toasted,
and the other half of the car
can be absolutely pristine.
People who are-- 1,200 of them--
who totally against anything
in human nature are
jumping or falling
are on the outside of this
building at 105 floors
and below jumping or
falling to their deaths,
but they seem to be almost
microwaved from the inside
because they're coming
down in body parts.
That's not normal for freefall.
Big steel beams that
appear in these pictures.
I mean, it looks to me
like they're dustifying.
We just talked about that.
They didn't fall over.
Cars that are blowing
up seven blocks--
or toasting seven blocks away.
Vehicles blowing up.
All these things going on
that don't make any sense
whatsoever for any kind
of normal demolition
that we're talking about.
Now, I want to ask you
about this because you've
gotten a lot of--
you've drawn a lot of heat
from the 9/11 Truth Movement
who have bought
into the story this
was a controlled demolition.
My question is, why
aren't they more--
why do you think they might not
be more open to this evidence
here?
It seems like everybody's
looking for the truth on this.
Why is there any resistance
among these professionals
to look at your work seriously?
Or are they starting
to do that now?
>> 9/11 was a
psychological operation,
including the thermite story,
the bombs in the building story
that were planted there.
Like, NIST had their
press conference
talking about the release
of the Building 7 report.
They had this neat
and tidy false choice.
And in my comments to them--
I called them on that and
notified them of fraud--
that they were guilty
of fraud because they
denied the bombs of the building
story by saying it was silent.
It wasn't any loud
noise associated with it
so it couldn't be
bombs in the building.
But they didn't apply
that to their own story.
The building came
crashing down, it
should sound like it was raining
dump trucks, and it was silent.
So that also
dismisses their story.
They contradicted
their own story.
>> So you're saying that
story about the thermite
and the controlled demolition
was also planted to manage
impressions?
>> Very much.
Very much.
Even on that day, we
had Dan Rather saying,
it looks like a
controlled demolition.
There's Van Romero that
afternoon said it was--
he was sure it was a
controlled demolition.
It would only take a
few explosives do it.
But a week later,
he retracted it.
And then right after, he got
$85 million in grant money.
So it must be true.
Turns out, a year
before 9/11, he
did a short course-- gave a
short course on energy weapons
at the Directed Energy
Professional Society's
annual meeting.
So he knew what
he was looking at.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> So it wasn't a mistake
of what he was looking at.
There's all these Easter
eggs, I call them,
that we've left out,
like an Easter egg
hunt for a three-year-old.
When the three-year-old
finds them,
they think they've really
found something important
and they hang on to it like
Larry Silverstein's "pull it."
>> Yes.
I was just going to ask
you that exact question.
Please tell us more about
that because a lot of people
saw that in the
film "Loose Change."
I saw it, and it's Larry
Silverstein saying, oh, yeah,
we had to pull it.
>> It's sort of silly because
what are they saying that
firefighters go around
with sticks of dynamite
in their back
pocket just in case?
They fight fires with sticks
of dynamite in their pockets?
>> But why would Larry
Silverstein say that?
>> I said, you know, we've had
such terrible loss of life.
Maybe the smartest
thing to do is pull it,
and they made that
decision to pull
and then we watched
the building collapse.
>> Who knows if it was something
that was taken out of context
or if he was putting out the
Easter egg or what it was,
but it makes no sense.
>> No.
>> Because fire departments
are not in the business
of controlled demolition.
Plus, if you don't
know what the story is,
you can't size up the event.
You don't know where the
damage is in the building.
If you're going to chuck
in that piece of dynamite,
lodge it in there,
where do you put it?
>> Oh, well, not
only that, I mean,
if it were a traditional
controlled demolition,
wouldn't it have taken weeks
or even months to prepare?
>> Oh, yeah.
There's so much about it
that doesn't make sense.
Plus if you had
controlled demolition,
it breaks buildings into
chunks, and the chunks
slam to the ground.
With Building 7, that is
indeed the smoking gun.
There was essentially
no seismic signature
of that building's demise.
Just a teeny bit-- like a
0.6 on the Richter scale.
That day, there were quarry
blasts over New Jersey
and Pennsylvania.
Those were picked up.
But the demise of Building 7
didn't make a seismic impact?
It really stood out
from background noise,
and it's six times the potential
energy of the Seattle Kingdome.
>> Yes.
Yeah.
And you do a good job of
detailing that in the book.
>> The Seattle
Kingdome made a 2.3.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
Again, I mean, none of
this makes any sense.
What I'm wondering
here is, if you're
saying that this is part of the
mind control or disinformation
that, like you say,
Dan Rather said,
it almost looks like a
controlled demolition.
If this was starting so
early on, what I don't get
is how would that support
the supposedly larger agenda
of creating this fear of the
Islamic world and everything
that we've gotten into
in the name of 9/11?
>> Oh, look at how people argue
about opinions about thermite
or nukes or this or that.
And you get this
big huge muddle up
and everyone's around
circles arguing.
It's really destroyed
people's ability to reason.
As you've seen in this book,
it's right in front of us.
>> Yes.
Absolutely.
>> Why don't people see it?
Because it was such a strong
psychological operation.
It destroyed people's
ability to know what's real
and what's not.
And they want to know
what the truth is,
and they run to this
truth movement business.
But as I point out,
do you think those
who pulled off 9/11 just
forgot to plan a cover up?
>> No.
No.
>> So what would it look like?
>> Yeah.
Very true.
Well, now let's get
into the meat of what
you're talking about here.
All of these anomalies--
and every single thing
we've talked about
is an anomaly, if you're
looking at the official story
or the controlled
demolition story.
Everything is anomalous.
It would make no sense.
But it does make sense
when you're talking
about directed energy weapons.
And you go into
Tesla's technology
a fair amount in here.
Can you begin-- just, again,
without being so scientific
that you're going to lose
the non-scientists among us,
you begin to talk over--
can you begin, at a
layperson's level,
talking about the
Tesla technology
and what exactly could
have caused this weird kind
of damage across the board?
>> Well, first of all, not
knowing with this weapon was--
it's not a kinetic
energy weapon,
like a bomb or bullet
or something that throws
something and hits something.
Like if you throw a brick
at someone and hit them,
that's a kinetic energy weapon.
A directed energy weapon as
is energy that's been directed
and was used as a weapon.
A very general category.
I don't know how else
to categorize it.
And, sure, there are lasers
and other things like that.
That's not what
I'm talking about.
I'm talking about an energy
field and field effects that
happen in a field.
And obviously the
energy was directed
because it is pretty precise
as to how it acted that day.
And it wasn't a random
orientation of energy.
Kinetic energy weapons
involve heat-- an expansion
of heat and sound waves.
Made things go boom.
>> That didn't happen, but it
was something that right before
your eyes, you saw those
steel columns dustify.
You didn't see anything hit it.
And that's the signature
there too of energy weapons
affecting it.
But when I was
looking at the data--
and I believe in you look
at the data long enough,
it'll tell you what happened.
If you don't know what
happened, just keep looking.
And I kept tabulating all the
different characteristics,
and I'd give them
whatever names came
to mind as unique descriptions.
Like "fuzz balls."
We didn't talk much about that.
The columns as they're
falling turned to dust.
That dust lands and you have
clear blue sky behind it.
And then that dust starts
breaking down and rising up.
So we know the dust
continued breaking down.
And at first, it was kicked
up around people's feet,
and I called those fuzz balls.
And then after a while, you
notice it's rising on its own.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> As in anti-gavitational?
>> As it being so fine
that it just floats up.
>> I see.
Yeah.
No mass.
Very little mass.
Yeah.
>> And also, the dust rollout,
when the dust rollout first
occurred, it comes to an abrupt
stop at a particular street.
When the South Tower
first went, it rolled out
to the north up to one street.
And then when the North
Tower when, it rolled up one
block further.
The towers are one block
apart from each other.
>> Well, that's bizarre.
So there was somehow a
controlled extension of this?
Or was it natural to the dynamic
of whatever destroyed it?
>> The latter.
I think it is natural to the
dynamic of what destroyed it.
If it's breaking down
at a certain rate--
you can get a rock and throw it
pretty far, but how far can you
throw flour?
>> Yeah.
>> And so if this is breaking
down at a certain rate,
it gets down to certain size,
then it just quits going
further and then it just floats.
Floats with the wind.
And there was this amazing video
from Bob and Bri's apartment
that they took, and you
could see the dust almost
came to their window.
It didn't quite
touch their window
and then started rising
up like yeast bread.
It's just amazing.
>> So all these different
phenomena that I was
tabulating, including the
peeling effect on cars.
Like the split
thickness of the door
would peel, which these
are not laminated doors,
so why does it look
like it's delaminating?
And you just keep
add these things.
I didn't know what it
meant and I didn't force it
into any particular conclusion.
If somebody takes a
multiple choice test,
they're forcing things
into a particular slots
of what they know of.
Instead, I was letting
the data speak.
And then one day, I happened
upon a blog of someone.
And my goodness, these
looked like they came
from the World Trade Center.
But wait, this guy did
it in his own apartment.
He had reproduced all
of the same phenomena
that I had noticed, including
that split thickness.
He had a piece of aluminum
that split open, including
things dustifying, loading up.
The fumes that rose up--
I don't call it dust because you
don't know exactly what it is.
Not fuzz balls, but fuzzy
blobs, but something else.
It's just haze
that drifts around.
And he actually
had a name for it.
He named it after
somebody-- called it Karl.
So it was all of
the same phenomenon.
It was just totally amazing.
>> And it created this as
a result of experimentation
in his living room?
>> In his apartment.
>> Yeah.
In his apartment?
>> Right.
>> OK.
So a little while ago, when we
were talking about the windows,
one of the things that you
said could have been involved--
I mean, could be responsible
for such a reaction was
longitudinal energy
waves, which you
said can be created
in a lab setting.
>> Yes.
And he had experienced that too.
Round holes in windows.
>> Was he working with
longitudinal energy waves?
>> Yes.
He had created-- he was trying
to replicate the work of Nikola
Tesla.
And he first started out
with a big Tesla coil
and then would interfere in
that static field various radio
frequency signals.
And then started
getting weird effects
and thought, oh, this is fun.
Let's see what happens here
and you get something rises up.
Sometimes something
would fly up.
Sometimes it would tear apart.
And I've got videos of some of
these experiments on my website
where you have a metal file
where it cracks in half
and then one half
of it slides over
relative to the other half.
And then there's a
piece of steel rod
that starts doing sit ups.
Steel rods turns into to jello
and jelly starts doing sit ups
and then snakes around.
There's another one that's about
two inches in diameter that
looks almost like
it has a heartbeat.
You see the shimmer
on the surface of it.
It's just very liquidy.
And then after turning off the
gizmo, the signals and so forth
it, it resolidifies.
And sometimes it goes into
spontaneous combustion.
Doesn't that sound familiar?
>> Yes it does.
You talked about John
Hutchison in here.
>> Yep.
That's who I was
talking about there.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> After I found that
blog-- that was his blog--
I got in touch with him and went
to visit him and saw his stuff.
His various samples
and the equipment
in action and whatnot.
And it was just really amazing.
>> Well, now, so I mean,
obviously, John is brilliant.
Anyone who's followed him
through the years, this
is a brilliant human being.
So we know that he
understands these principles,
and he can apparently
recreate this phenomena
with experiments with energy
directed devices and so forth.
>> Would never use
it as a weapon.
With knowledge, how-- let's
just say some other parties
have that knowledge and choose
to use that as a weapon,
how difficult is it
to use as a weapon?
I mean, does it take some
extraordinary kind of materials
or something to
do this, or is it
once you understand
the principles,
is it a relatively
simple thing to do?
>> I think it's
relatively simple,
but you need to have control of
the various components of it.
John doesn't write
anything down.
He's just enjoying
playing with nature,
seeing what nature can
do and experimenting.
Not to reproduce it for money or
patents or controlling others.
It's just like,
hey, this is fun.
Let's see what this could do.
And it moves something around.
You can imagine how fun it
is to watch a piece of steel
do sit ups?
>> Oh, yeah.
I mean, he's been
at it for decades.
>> Actually, the folks in the
Pentagon went to visit his
place in 1983.
>> Not surprising
for four months.
>> They want to see
what he was up to.
>> Well, we can assume
that folks in the military
and the Pentagon have
access to this technology.
I think--
>> Oh, yeah.
>> They certainly have to--
that's a given.
But now--
>> We have people that in
the turn of the century--
>> Yeah.
>> George Piggott, who
has even a patent on it.
It shows a picture of
a little drawing of him
with his little
bow tie observing
those levitating steel balls.
And Ed Leedskalnin,
who built Coral Castle.
>> Yes.
>> And it seems he's got the
same technologies and he only
had a fourth grade education.
Came over from Latvia.
Get this wheel that spins
around with magnets on it
and cranks it up, and it's
an electrical generator.
And also would move these
15 ton stones around.
Stones approximately
the size of the ones
used to build the Great Pyramid.
>> Well, I mean as kind
of a political agenda,
we're really very quick and
happy to hang responsibility
on certain people, certain
groups, certain individuals.
But in reality, is it fair to
say that any number of parties
could have access to this
kind of directed energy?
No, we have to call it
a weapon, because it
was used in a violent
manner, as a weapon.
Is this something that
any of the parties
that have been
accused or who have
been thought to be
possibly responsible could
have this technology?
>> Well, I try to stay away
from the blaming before you know
what happened.
So I was not listening to what
others were pointing fingers
at.
But one thing is clear
that anyone could do this,
and revenge doesn't keep
it from happening again.
Revenge-- you hear the
phrase, "an eye for an eye
leaves the whole world blind."
I think that's very true.
Revenge is not going to keep
this from happening again.
>> Absolutely not.
>> Knowing about it--
if everyone knows about
it, that's better.
>> How could that keep
it from happening again?
>> If people know
about this technology,
they can use it for good.
I think that's why Nikola Tesla
did not want to release this
because he could provide
free energy to the world,
but he was afraid it would
be used for evil purposes.
Well, already been
there, done that.
Don't have that risk anymore.
Let's use it for good.
Another aspect of this is,
it's free energy technology.
>> Yes.
>> Right now, if somebody
develops free energy technology
in their basement
all by themselves,
they usually end up getting
suicided or car wreck something
happens to them.
One by one, people
can't develop it.
But if everyone
knows about this,
everyone witnessed
what happened that day.
You look at the cover
of my book and there's
no denying what happened.
>> Right.
>> Free energy
technology does exist.
If that is known
wide enough, everyone
can develop it out in the open.
>> Is that really part of your
impetus for having gone to this
much trouble to write this book?
I mean other than the
fact you wanted answers.
From the first minute, you
knew something was wrong
when you saw this on the
news on September 11th.
>> Also, whatever did
this can be used for good.
That was the motivating
thing behind it is--
and if we stick our
head in the sand,
that's giving permission for
whoever did the bad thing
about it to do it again.
Another aspect that came
to mind along the way
was, it's also quite patriotic
to be doing what I'm doing.
>> Absolutely.
>> Because I'm
defending our country.
Entertain this scenario--
if you're one of four
or five people who wanted to
take over the United States,
you don't just go
in the front door
because the US military
would come get you.
When you do, you have
access to a gizmo like this,
you turn the towers
to dust and then you
start a truth movement.
Just play along
with the scenario.
And you turn these
well-meaning individuals,
you turn them against
their own government,
have them destroy their
country from within.
Have them hate their
governments so badly that when--
they want any government
but the one they have.
So you walk in and they
welcome me with open arms.
And that looks like
what's going on.
We don't know what
entity, where.
Sure, we know who covered it up.
And if you want to know whose
technology it is, go ask them.
And that's what I tried to do
with my federal qui tam case.
But they put a stop
to it, but the judges
respected me enough that
they put in the footnote
they were ignoring the
law to dismiss my case.
That was respectful, and I
respect them for that too.
That's integrity.
It's like everyone has
got a gun to their head
or is blackmailed
or held hostage.
>> It would seem-- yes.
It does seem that way.
And to get any kind
of clarity on it
seems virtually impossible.
>> From some entity like that
that is being controlled.
>> Yes.
Yes.
>> And I somehow managed to
survive getting my book out.
Now I'm pretty safe because
doing me in would give
more attention to the book.
>> Do you have a lot of
interested parties with this
book?
I mean, people that are maybe
positioned in places that could
benefit from knowing this?
I mean, everyone can
benefit from knowing it.
But you know what I'm saying.
>> I've had various
people contacting me,
and they're not in the truth
movement or anything like that.
It's people outside
the truth movement
that respect me greatly.
It's like they didn't want
to stick their neck out
and they're glad somebody did.
And I also felt I was
in the best position
not having family--
>> Yes.
>> If you have a family,
your decisions are different.
>> Absolutely.
>> And so I felt there was
more responsibility on me to do
this.
>> Well that's very clear
thinking and also it's very
courageous thinking.
And we probably-- I
need to just tell people
you've got to get a
copy of this book.
If you want to see all this
for yourself, there are--
I mean it looks like
almost thousands of images.
I don't know how many
images are in here.
I didn't count, but a lot.
And graphs, charts
of every kind.
Like you say, it's staring
you right in the face.
Anyone that reads
this can never see
the event of that morning in
the same way again, which does
bring up the bigger issues.
And I hear a kind of almost
like girlish excitement
in your voice on one level
that you blasted through this.
You've got it out there
and you are an optimist.
This isn't about
taking anyone down.
This is about saying,
let's just show the world
the horrors of what it can do.
We'll show the world
the good that it can do.
And that's what I really hear in
your voice as you said earlier.
>> Thanks.
Thanks.
Yeah, that is the intention.
Revenge doesn't help
anyone except those
who are trying to control us.
>> Yeah.
Well, on that note, we won't
go into Hurricane Erin and any
of the other phenomena around.
We'd gone through
so much already.
I'm sure people's
heads are spinning.
I want to thank you
so much for your time
and for having taken
the time and the energy
to have written
this amazing book,
"Where Did the Towers Go?"
So, on that note, Judy,
thank you so much.
I wish you the very best in
getting the word out there.
And also, I wish us
all the good fortune
that this energy source will be
revealed for the good of all.
>> Keep in mind--
truth is unifying.
>> Yes it is.
It is indeed.
Judy, thank you so much.
>> Thanks.
Thanks so much for having me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I cannot encourage you
strongly enough to get a copy
of this book.
We all need a reality check on
this paradigm-changing event
that has affected our
lives on countless levels.
You can go to her website,
at WhereDidtheTowersGo.com
to buy a copy.
You can also learn more
about Dr. Judy's work
at her website, DrJudyWood.com.
Until next time,
thanks for listening.